hey guys it is citra here again with
another wound craft update video for you
Matt long last one craft has reached
compatibility with minecraft 1.4 point 6
we are running version 2.4 teen here so
I'm just going to go over some of the
changes and the new rooms are available
now I've already covered these these are
Ward's and what they do is they when
activated they will prevent the
activation of certain types of magic
this one prevents people teleporting
into or from an area this one prevents
the activation or the usage of curse
runes normal and this one does tool
rooms that meaningful things like power
quick and so forth won't work whilst the
world is up this is an ether room and it
blocks the creation of new rooms so
whilst this is activated these ones will
be able to be created now they can all
be toggled by right-clicking the central
block order to your block and the once
created the stone steps aren't necessary
so you can flip them on as you desire
however breaking either the glass or the
tier will destroy the wort and you'll
have to set it up again with the stairs
and everything
so those Awards I've covered them up put
a link up for that now instead of using
face blocks like I had it set up over
there we've got toggle blocks and these
are made almost the same way but with
pistons instead of iron ore into the
pattern I want these do that the other
ones don't is that instead of changing
between instead of air going on or off
they simply change between a and B so if
I make up something to make a window
they will change now obviously right now
there's nothing for them to change into
so they behave very much like face
blocks but I'll get some get some iron
it right-click these out and cut out
we've got a window that whenever someone
tries to break through it just turns
itself to this now person can still mine
through that but the glass is safe at
the very least there's trouble blocks
for you and next on the list of things
aside from the wheel
disappearing mobs everywhere is upright
vertical waypoints now these work in
pretty much the same way that I've right
vertical teleporters do and the
signatures will match I forget exactly
how those work by then it lines up see
here I've got these airway points and to
activate them it's pretty much the same
you right-click in the center and you'll
know the text has changed your a new
opening has been created in the pepper
give the ether facing south now Seth is
this way that means when i teleport to
this point here i will get dropped out
there and essentially the same in all
aspects as a up right where point now
these could be going in the way facing
in the way if I clicked on this side
then it will place in like or if i click
this way in would phase out the way but
so I'll make this one go in the way just
for the sake of example now that
basically means that I can teleport to
them and in exactly the same way the
only difference is where I come outside
of appearing on top I appear just to the
side at that block there
like so I play something for me to land
on and here I come you can also bounced
through the air with a solid color just
like before and there is a limit of
about sixty four blocks for these but
that should be enough and you see I go
all the way and emerge at the side here
ananda management platform you can go
through solid objects bear with that in
the same way as you can before this is
me going to burst through the both
waypoints using this one here and area
and I appear at the end of the dance
column on the other side so in all
aspects they're exactly the same the
same technology has now been applied to
faith points quickly go up here and
demonstrate that these you as well there
we go much sought after now you can
position your spheres with a little more
ease and simplicity i coded this up
and set destination and we should arrive
so that the edge of this sphere is just
on this here note that the sphere is a
bit bigger in terms of catchment area
from the iron blocks I was experimenting
with it
two blocks extra I ftp over there and
instead of appearing on top of the fake
point here i am with the invisible edge
of the sphere just touching this bounce
column here sure you can do something
neat with that so that's pretty much all
the features that have made it into this
build of Ruin classroom craft two point
14 we will be having new features for in
soon legs need to be made compatible
with 1.46 so you guys have further
questions about this build or things
you'd like to see or particularly any
feedback or bugs reports let us know
because we'll be on rapid response for
those for the next week or so so yeah
thank you guys for watching and I will
see you next time Cheers
you